Windows with ArcGIS Pro or Server
=================================


Prerequisites
-------------

- 64-bit x86 processor (ARM is not currently supported)

- Microsoft Windows 10 or later, or Windows Server 2016 or later

- ArcGIS Pro 3.2.2 or later, or ArcGIS Server 11.2 or later


Optional software
-----------------

These are required to run certain parts of MGET. You can wait to install them
later if desired. MGET will report detailed error messages when missing
optional software is needed. Be sure to shut down all ArcGIS programs before
installing them.

- `ArcGIS Spatial Analyst extension <https://www.esri.com/spatialanalyst>`_.
  This is required by a number of MGET tools produce rasters. If your ArcGIS
  license includes this extension but you did not install it, you can re-run
  the ArcGIS setup program to add it to your installation.

- `MATLAB Runtime R2024b
  <https://www.mathworks.com/products/compiler/matlab-runtime.html>`_ (free)
  or the full version of MATLAB R2024b (not free). Either one is OK. These are
  required for front detection, larval dispersal simulation, and certain
  interpolation tools. You must install version R2024b; other versions will
  not work. Multiple versions can be installed at the same time, so if you
  use a different version of MATLAB for your own work, you can continue to do
  so, providing you install the R2024b Runtime for MGET's use.


.. _arcgis-pro-install:

Windows with ArcGIS Pro installation instructions
-------------------------------------------------

MGET is a Python package. ArcGIS Pro utilizes `conda
<https://docs.conda.io/>`_ to manage Python packages, which works best for
projects that have been specifically packaged for deployment with conda. We
have not packaged MGET with conda yet. Until that time, you can use `pip
<https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`_ to install MGET into an existing ArcGIS Pro
conda environment. The practice of installing packages with pip into conda
environments is generally discouraged, but it does work for MGET.

To get started, you first need to install some packages that MGET needs that
are not provided by ESRI in the default ``arcgispro-py3`` environment. When we
eventually release MGET as a conda package, conda will take care of these
dependencies automatically, but until then you need to do it yourself. To keep
your conda environment as problem-free as possible, you should use conda
rather than pip to install these, and only use pip to install MGET.

Step 1. Install micromamba
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Unfortunately, ArcGIS Pro 3.2 ships with version 4.14.0 of conda, which
predates the `introduction of the libmamba solver
<https://conda.org/blog/2023-07-05-conda-libmamba-solver-rollout/>`_ into
conda. The pre-libmamba solver is notoriously slow, and when we tried to
install one of the packages MGET requires (copernicusmarine), it hung with the
message ``Solving environment`` for a very long time, and then wanted to
upgrade dozens of packages to the latest versions, which was unnecessary and
risky. You can work around this by first installing `micromamba
<https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/micromamba.html>`_ and
using it to install dependencies into your conda environment instead of conda.
micromamba is a stand-alone, drop-in replacement for conda that does not
tamper with your conda installation.

1. Start Windows PowerShell.

2. Open micromamba `Automatic installation
   <https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation/micromamba-installation.html#automatic-install>`_
   in your browser and copy the Windows PowerShell installation expression. It
   begins with ``Invoke-Expression``.

3. Paste that into PowerShell and run it. If are asked "Do you want to
   initialize micromamba for the shell activate command?", enter ``n`` unless
   you know what it means and want to do it.

4. Close PowerShell.

Step 2. Clone the ``arcgispro-py3`` environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We strongly advise you not to install MGET or its dependencies into the
default ``arcgispro-py3`` environment that ArcGIS Pro creates when it
installs. Instead:

1. Follow `ESRI's instructions
   <https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/latest/arcpy/get-started/clone-an-environment.htm>`_
   to clone ``arcgispro-py3`` to a new environment. In these instructions,
   we'll assume your copy is called ``arcgispro-py3-mget``. Alternatively, if
   you already have another environment you wish to use, you can skip this
   step.

2. `Activate
   <https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/latest/arcpy/get-started/activate-an-environment.htm>`_
   the new environment you created, or the existing one you want to use.

Step 3. Using micromamba, install packages needed by MGET
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Thankfully, ESRI preinstalls many packages into the default ``arcgispro-py3``
environment that you cloned, but there are a few we still need.

1. Click Start, open the ArcGIS folder, and start the Python Command Prompt.
   It should show your desired environment as part of the command prompt,
   similar to this::

    (arcgispro-py3-mget) C:\Users\Jason\AppData\Local\ESRI\conda\envs\arcgispro-py3-mget>

2. Run the following command to install the packages:

   * If you have ArcGIS Pro 3.2.x::

         micromamba install --channel conda-forge --yes copernicusmarine==1.3.0 aiohttp==3.9.5 docutils scikit-fmm

   * If you have ArcGIS Pro 3.3 or later::

         micromamba install --channel conda-forge --yes copernicusmarine docutils scikit-fmm

Step 4. Install MGET with pip
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now we just need to install MGET, which is known as the ``mget3`` package on
`pipy <https://pypi.org/project/mget3/>`_. If you want pip to download it
automatically from pypi, use the following command from Python Command Prompt::

    python -m pip install --no-deps mget3

**Important:** Do not remove the ``--no-deps`` flag. If you do, pip may fail
to recognize that ESRI already installed the gdal package and pip may try to
install gdal again, which will fail. (ESRI has told us this workaround will
no longer be necessary in ArcGIS Pro 3.4)

If you closed the Python Command Prompt in Step 3, just start it again. But
make sure it shows the same environment as you used before
(``arcgispro-py3-mget`` in this example). If you want to install MGET from a
wheel (``.whl``) file that you obtained yourself, rather than doing it
automatically from pypi, just replace ``mget3`` in the command above with the
path to the wheel file.

:doc:`Click here <PythonExamples>` for some examples of accessing MGET from
Python.

You can install MGET into multiple conda environments simultaneously. To do
that, repeat steps 2â€“4 for each environment.

Step 5. Add the MGET toolbox to ArcGIS Pro
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. _add-toolbox-to-arcpro:

To use MGET's geoprocessing tools from ArcGIS Pro, you need to add the toolbox
to an ArcGIS Pro project:

1. Select the **Insert** ribbon and find the **Toolbox** drop-down menu. Then
   select **Add Toolbox**:

.. image:: static/ArcProAddToolbox1.png

2. In the Add Toolbox dialog box, navigate to the folder that contains your
   Python environment. Typically this is a subfolder of the
   ``C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\ESRI\conda\envs`` folder. In the
   example below, the environment subfolder is named ``arcgispro-py3-mget``.
   Inside that subfolder, navigate to
   ``Lib\site-packages\GeoEco\ArcGISToolbox``. Select the file ``Marine
   Geospatial Ecology Tools.tbx`` and click **OK**:

.. image:: static/ArcProAddToolbox2.png

3. Now you can access the toolbox from the Geoproessing pane. After opening
   the Geoprocessing pane, click on **Toolboxes** and then drill into the
   toolbox to find tools of interest. Alternatively, you can search for tools
   by name in the **Find Tools** box:

.. image:: static/ArcProAddToolbox3.png

:doc:`Click here <ArcGISToolboxExamples>` for some examples of using MGET's
geoprocessing tools.


Uninstalling MGET
-----------------

MGET may be uninstalled like any other Python package. However, because we
installed it to your ArcGIS conda environment using pip, we must also
uninstall it with pip rather than with conda.

1. Close all ArcGIS programs.

2. If necessary, `activate
   <https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/latest/arcpy/get-started/activate-an-environment.htm>`_
   the environment you want to uninstall MGET from. If that environment is
   already activated, you can skip this step.

3. Click Start, open the ArcGIS folder, and start the Python Command Prompt.
   It should show your desired environment as part of the command prompt,
   similar to this::

    (arcgispro-py3-mget) C:\Users\Jason\AppData\Local\ESRI\conda\envs\arcgispro-py3-mget>

4. Run the following command to uninstall MGET::

    python -m pip uninstall mget3

Alternatively, if you no longer need the conda environment, you can just
`delete the enviornment <https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/latest/arcpy/get-started/delete-an-environment.htm>`_.
There is no need to uninstall MGET from it first.


Windows with ArcGIS Server installation instructions
----------------------------------------------------

In principle, MGET should work on ArcGIS Server so long as the prerequisite
Python packages have been installed, as described above in the 
:ref:`arcgis-pro-install`. ESRI provides some guidance on installing Python
packages on ArcGIS Server for Windows in `this article
<https://enterprise.arcgis.com/en/server/latest/publish-services/windows/deploying-custom-python-packages.htm>`_
But we have not tested this yet so we don't know for sure. We'll update this
documentation once we have the opportunity to try it.
