LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.legacy.datadog.txt
requirements.legacy.dev.txt
requirements.legacy.ecosystem.txt
requirements.legacy.engine.txt
requirements.legacy.test.txt
requirements.legacy.txt
requirements.modal.txt
requirements.test.txt
requirements.txt
setup.py
wb_schema.gql
weave/__init__.py
weave/clear_cache.py
weave/conftest.py
weave/context_state.py
weave/version.py
weave/weave_server.py
weave.egg-info/PKG-INFO
weave.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
weave.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
weave.egg-info/entry_points.txt
weave.egg-info/requires.txt
weave.egg-info/top_level.txt
weave/deploy/Dockerfile
weave/deploy/__init__.py
weave/deploy/util.py
weave/deploy/gcp/__init__.py
weave/deploy/modal/__init__.py
weave/deploy/modal/stub.py
weave/flow/agent.py
weave/flow/chat_util.py
weave/flow/console.py
weave/flow/dataset.py
weave/flow/eval.py
weave/flow/model.py
weave/flow/obj.py
weave/flow/scorer.py
weave/flow/tools.py
weave/flow/util.py
weave/frontend/autotrack.js
weave/frontend/autotrack.js.map
weave/frontend/build.sh
weave/frontend/bundle.sh
weave/frontend/consentAwareAnalyticsInjector.js
weave/frontend/core_version
weave/frontend/favicon.ico
weave/frontend/index.html
weave/frontend/jquery-3.6.0.min.js
weave/frontend/sa.min.js
weave/frontend/sha1.txt
weave/frontend/track-v1.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-5CqEPFwe.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-5CqEPFwe.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-B7hFDgDZ.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-B7hFDgDZ.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BGmxboUF.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BGmxboUF.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BSlLD2rO.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BSlLD2rO.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BzjZq6RE.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-BzjZq6RE.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-Crz2cQV9.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-Crz2cQV9.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-D6EPSq8s.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-D6EPSq8s.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DEYL73n9.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DEYL73n9.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DSACVHvd.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DSACVHvd.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DUleNz_E.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DUleNz_E.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DxWZkMJI.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-DxWZkMJI.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-Fclgj0JB.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-Fclgj0JB.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/Component-n7P7cY4f.js
weave/frontend/assets/Component-n7P7cY4f.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_AMS-Regular-BhGJ-4gp.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_AMS-Regular-By658UzJ.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_AMS-Regular-CzrnxSWC.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold-Bwb6GFIN.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold-CKJcxpnQ.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold-DdWsVHft.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular-CqRAjh-1.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular-DK5a7C4N.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular-DY5ow2G2.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold-BN3qknki.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold-CAgFI-bm.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold-CnckYR_w.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular-Bt1A9szT.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular-O52CmoS6.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular-gteNJzSN.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Bold-CMZq4CYM.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Bold-CXybyQWI.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Bold-ExHh1ADK.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-BoldItalic-04CjaYD6.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-BoldItalic-Cc3Z10Vp.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-BoldItalic-Df9whx8h.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Italic-BNey-YjL.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Italic-DIqSePyW.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Italic-OpX7JZ4Q.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Regular-BcWwqboR.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Regular-Bg9sdKmA.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Main-Regular-Dzjbccao.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic-2HBreqTC.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic-BGkjICpL.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic-Dj6Ro5dc.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-Italic-C5-Ai3kR.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-Italic-CC97xrQf.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Math-Italic-_uIS3N6O.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold-BEMGa__k.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold-Brp9aoHQ.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold-D0XMVUsc.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic-CNxAGjzy.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic-lbLOZbv3.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic-wXLoKz6r.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular-D-Yo9yYD.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular-juWZlc-9.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular-yUqJ3Aam.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Script-Regular-Cf8GH74L.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Script-Regular-D9ZklfJf.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Script-Regular-v_Cwk05y.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size1-Regular-BHipXPOV.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size1-Regular-C0z4_8mq.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size1-Regular-RjXNJUi7.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size2-Regular-BKWPLov1.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size2-Regular-DOCm8PBK.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size2-Regular-DVvomcM_.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size3-Regular-BNLuqS8M.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size3-Regular-Z-DgypYv.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size4-Regular-CHxDaOWL.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size4-Regular-Qq1J1gbA.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Size4-Regular-u2fCAFd_.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular-Ba57oLKS.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular-DBrRQ9sr.woff
weave/frontend/assets/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular-DDVyWfOc.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/Tags-BCrwqmQ2.js
weave/frontend/assets/Tags-BCrwqmQ2.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/abap-CRCWOmpq.js
weave/frontend/assets/abap-CRCWOmpq.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/apex-BL_CmIl-.js
weave/frontend/assets/apex-BL_CmIl-.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/azcli-1IWB1ccx.js
weave/frontend/assets/azcli-1IWB1ccx.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/bat-DPkNLes8.js
weave/frontend/assets/bat-DPkNLes8.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/bicep-DLNwh9K6.js
weave/frontend/assets/bicep-DLNwh9K6.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/bootstrap-C23jsiXu.js
weave/frontend/assets/bootstrap-C23jsiXu.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/bootstrap-DiGDHdKM.css
weave/frontend/assets/brand-icons-Cu_C0hZ4.svg
weave/frontend/assets/brand-icons-F3SPCeH1.woff
weave/frontend/assets/brand-icons-XL9sxUpA.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/brand-icons-sqJ2Pg7a.eot
weave/frontend/assets/brand-icons-ubhWoxly.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/cameligo-CGrWLZr3.js
weave/frontend/assets/cameligo-CGrWLZr3.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/careyfont-l7fHOXpZ.eot
weave/frontend/assets/careyfont-n061zFq6.svg
weave/frontend/assets/clojure-D9WOWImG.js
weave/frontend/assets/clojure-D9WOWImG.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/codicon-CWn1lrZ_.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/coffee-B7EJu28W.js
weave/frontend/assets/coffee-B7EJu28W.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/cpp-RmZVvII3.js
weave/frontend/assets/cpp-RmZVvII3.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/csharp-BoL64M5l.js
weave/frontend/assets/csharp-BoL64M5l.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/csp-C46ZqvIl.js
weave/frontend/assets/csp-C46ZqvIl.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/css-yEtxmcUf.js
weave/frontend/assets/css-yEtxmcUf.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/cssMode-CV8af3MC.js
weave/frontend/assets/cssMode-CV8af3MC.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/dart-D8lhlL1r.js
weave/frontend/assets/dart-D8lhlL1r.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/dockerfile-DLk6rpji.js
weave/frontend/assets/dockerfile-DLk6rpji.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/ecl-BO6FnfXk.js
weave/frontend/assets/ecl-BO6FnfXk.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/editor.worker-DdExvee_.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/elixir-B9GXSzSz.js
weave/frontend/assets/elixir-B9GXSzSz.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/flags-DOLqOU7Y.png
weave/frontend/assets/flow9-Cac8vKd7.js
weave/frontend/assets/flow9-Cac8vKd7.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/fsharp-fd1GTHhf.js
weave/frontend/assets/fsharp-fd1GTHhf.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/go-O9LJTZXk.js
weave/frontend/assets/go-O9LJTZXk.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-black-webfont-DvGmWgTE.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-bold-webfont-7s3OmtcC.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-bolditalic-webfont-AHIHu_cz.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-book-webfont-rmdggccW.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-italic-webfont-D3N01Gm2.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-light-webfont-1fRzaLYj.woff
weave/frontend/assets/grapheinpro-lightitalic-webfont-lwMQWKR-.woff
weave/frontend/assets/graphql-LQdxqEYJ.js
weave/frontend/assets/graphql-LQdxqEYJ.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/handlebars-BuFnbsh1.js
weave/frontend/assets/handlebars-BuFnbsh1.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/hcl-DxDQ3s82.js
weave/frontend/assets/hcl-DxDQ3s82.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/html-DUMp2Cir.js
weave/frontend/assets/html-DUMp2Cir.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/htmlMode-jGMNUuoC.js
weave/frontend/assets/htmlMode-jGMNUuoC.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/icon-bokeh-BUz0vwDT.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-joyce-transformers-logo-CJlXidhn.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-joyce-xgboost-logo-BrSbIMCP.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-orchestration-launch-iu_qMJSM.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-scikit-logo-DCjZo6nL.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-vertex-gcp-Cy8Cbdc7.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-weave-CeOoPZaC.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icon-weave-logo-C6dXPzgl.svg
weave/frontend/assets/icons-BOCtAERH.woff
weave/frontend/assets/icons-CHzK1VD9.eot
weave/frontend/assets/icons-D29ZQHHw.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/icons-Du6TOHnR.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/icons-RwhydX30.svg
weave/frontend/assets/inconsolata-v19-latin-regular-BWtpmLc8.woff
weave/frontend/assets/inconsolata-v19-latin-regular-H0TL4vSu.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/index-BWHRYEjT.css
weave/frontend/assets/index-CR-rD7F8.js
weave/frontend/assets/index-CR-rD7F8.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/index-DH3zn7Tz.js
weave/frontend/assets/index-DH3zn7Tz.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/ini-BvajGCUy.js
weave/frontend/assets/ini-BvajGCUy.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/java-SYsfObOQ.js
weave/frontend/assets/java-SYsfObOQ.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/javascript-Y6EA7961.js
weave/frontend/assets/javascript-Y6EA7961.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/json.worker-Czt83s9T.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/jsonMode-CUPp_UX7.js
weave/frontend/assets/jsonMode-CUPp_UX7.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/julia-DQXNmw_w.js
weave/frontend/assets/julia-DQXNmw_w.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/kotlin-qQ0MG-9I.js
weave/frontend/assets/kotlin-qQ0MG-9I.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/less-B86-qBTk.js
weave/frontend/assets/less-B86-qBTk.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/lexon-Canl7DCW.js
weave/frontend/assets/lexon-Canl7DCW.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/liquid--6ujJBmS.js
weave/frontend/assets/liquid--6ujJBmS.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/lua-D28Ae8-K.js
weave/frontend/assets/lua-D28Ae8-K.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/m3-DPitgjJI.js
weave/frontend/assets/m3-DPitgjJI.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/markdown-XFFkuszK.js
weave/frontend/assets/markdown-XFFkuszK.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/mips-CdjsipkG.js
weave/frontend/assets/mips-CdjsipkG.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/msdax-CYqgjx_P.js
weave/frontend/assets/msdax-CYqgjx_P.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/mysql-BAlWi9Ou.js
weave/frontend/assets/mysql-BAlWi9Ou.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/nglviewerRender-Ca59ZUZE.js
weave/frontend/assets/nglviewerRender-Ca59ZUZE.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/objective-c-B1aVtJYH.js
weave/frontend/assets/objective-c-B1aVtJYH.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/outline-icons-BfdLr8tr.svg
weave/frontend/assets/outline-icons-DD8jm0uy.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/outline-icons-DInHoiqI.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/outline-icons-LX8adJ4n.eot
weave/frontend/assets/outline-icons-aQ88nltS.woff
weave/frontend/assets/panel-icons-BfTZT1sw.eot
weave/frontend/assets/panel-icons-CfZINM7C.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/panel-icons-uGOsehAv.svg
weave/frontend/assets/pascal-BhNW15KB.js
weave/frontend/assets/pascal-BhNW15KB.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/pascaligo-5jv8CcQD.js
weave/frontend/assets/pascaligo-5jv8CcQD.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/pca-yIkTc85j.js
weave/frontend/assets/pca-yIkTc85j.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/perl-DlYyT36c.js
weave/frontend/assets/perl-DlYyT36c.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/pgsql-M-WMQIqP.js
weave/frontend/assets/pgsql-M-WMQIqP.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/php-120yhfDK.js
weave/frontend/assets/php-120yhfDK.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/pla-CjnFlu4u.js
weave/frontend/assets/pla-CjnFlu4u.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/postiats-CQpG440k.js
weave/frontend/assets/postiats-CQpG440k.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/powerquery-DdJtto1Z.js
weave/frontend/assets/powerquery-DdJtto1Z.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/powershell-Bu_VLpJB.js
weave/frontend/assets/powershell-Bu_VLpJB.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/protobuf-UZVfc1EA.js
weave/frontend/assets/protobuf-UZVfc1EA.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/pug-kFxLfcjb.js
weave/frontend/assets/pug-kFxLfcjb.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/python-DUXvOI1I.js
weave/frontend/assets/python-DUXvOI1I.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/qsharp-BhgV_cYv.js
weave/frontend/assets/qsharp-BhgV_cYv.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/r-BIFz-_sK.js
weave/frontend/assets/r-BIFz-_sK.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/razor-Bc94pfFD.js
weave/frontend/assets/razor-Bc94pfFD.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/redis-CHOsPHWR.js
weave/frontend/assets/redis-CHOsPHWR.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/redshift-w2XKkDvD.js
weave/frontend/assets/redshift-w2XKkDvD.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/render_babylon-DtKHgKok.js
weave/frontend/assets/render_babylon-DtKHgKok.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/restructuredtext-CghPJEOS.js
weave/frontend/assets/restructuredtext-CghPJEOS.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/ruby-CYWGW-b1.js
weave/frontend/assets/ruby-CYWGW-b1.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/rust-BrfDw1H0.js
weave/frontend/assets/rust-BrfDw1H0.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/sb-BYAiYHFx.js
weave/frontend/assets/sb-BYAiYHFx.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/scala-Bqvq8jcR.js
weave/frontend/assets/scala-Bqvq8jcR.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/scheme-Dhb-2j9p.js
weave/frontend/assets/scheme-Dhb-2j9p.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/scss-CdQcnAnq.js
weave/frontend/assets/scss-CdQcnAnq.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/shell-CmmbcNmB.js
weave/frontend/assets/shell-CmmbcNmB.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/solidity-CME5AdoB.js
weave/frontend/assets/solidity-CME5AdoB.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/sophia-RYC1BQQz.js
weave/frontend/assets/sophia-RYC1BQQz.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-200-6Mo57Fgd.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-200-BMGeBhoR.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-200italic-B3XY8ZbD.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-200italic-BkNwRbJo.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-300-CUJRWuaK.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-300-U3UrN7v1.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-300italic-B57GGylb.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-300italic-CT1Nv8FU.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-600-D8QO9uxO.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-600-DJb0xevV.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-700-CIIt03Ov.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-700-D3IUlMcr.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-700italic-B4Y5hdx0.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-700italic-ByiSZVNW.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-regular-ClnDLlx0.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-code-pro-v22-latin-regular-xq7LSqGL.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-600-1dbePMwI.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-600-BZBvS1vc.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-700-BXp9IZPo.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-700-DdkTh4mb.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-700italic-BecCNNZP.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-700italic-pu5lfCab.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-italic-BpIN_F2o.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-italic-Dlik3bZq.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-regular-Cj7h289Q.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v13-latin-regular-DYWNLTM2.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-200-lvnnTHUW.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-200-tnSNytE-.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-200italic-5rigAbP0.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-200italic-D4bqMK61.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-300-BgMxrDm5.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-300-BzduanrG.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-300italic-DktLCc_S.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/source-sans-pro-v14-latin-300italic-sLYHgvRM.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-serif-pro-v7-latin-regular-BstquJ9t.woff
weave/frontend/assets/source-serif-pro-v7-latin-regular-W26pPof2.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/sparql-KEyrF7De.js
weave/frontend/assets/sparql-KEyrF7De.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/sql-CbGH2FIt.js
weave/frontend/assets/sql-CbGH2FIt.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/st-C8kzSboH.js
weave/frontend/assets/st-C8kzSboH.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/swift-vE6e-x0J.js
weave/frontend/assets/swift-vE6e-x0J.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/systemverilog-DgMryOEJ.js
weave/frontend/assets/systemverilog-DgMryOEJ.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/tcl-PloMZuKG.js
weave/frontend/assets/tcl-PloMZuKG.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/tree-sitter-Bv_FbDWE.wasm
weave/frontend/assets/tree-sitter-weave-BfQ6Gqar.wasm
weave/frontend/assets/tsMode-BkyTE6Fb.js
weave/frontend/assets/tsMode-BkyTE6Fb.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/twig-bne2BnKZ.js
weave/frontend/assets/twig-bne2BnKZ.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/typescript-DHDouQfg.js
weave/frontend/assets/typescript-DHDouQfg.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/vb-BwAE3J76.js
weave/frontend/assets/vb-BwAE3J76.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/wb-icons-CCQP6wvS.woff2
weave/frontend/assets/wb-icons-CjzBnCu6.ttf
weave/frontend/assets/wb-icons-D2E11J8o.eot
weave/frontend/assets/wb-icons-D4DRTL7m.svg
weave/frontend/assets/wb-icons-Dk_x2c3h.woff
weave/frontend/assets/xml-CbI8v8vR.js
weave/frontend/assets/xml-CbI8v8vR.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/yaml-A89blxgn.js
weave/frontend/assets/yaml-A89blxgn.js.map
weave/frontend/assets/yaml.worker-D_JJclG9.js.map
weave/integrations/README.md
weave/integrations/__init__.py
weave/integrations/integration_utilities.py
weave/integrations/integration_utilities_test.py
weave/integrations/anthropic/__init__.py
weave/integrations/anthropic/anthropic_sdk.py
weave/integrations/anthropic/anthropic_test.py
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_anthropic.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_anthropic_messages_stream_ctx_manager.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_anthropic_messages_stream_ctx_manager_text.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_anthropic_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_async_anthropic.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_async_anthropic_messages_stream_ctx_manager.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_async_anthropic_messages_stream_ctx_manager_text.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_async_anthropic_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/anthropic/cassettes/anthropic_test/test_tools_calling.yaml
weave/integrations/cerebras/__init__.py
weave/integrations/cerebras/cerebras_sdk.py
weave/integrations/cerebras/cerebras_test.py
weave/integrations/cerebras/cassettes/cerebras_test/test_cerebras_async.yaml
weave/integrations/cerebras/cassettes/cerebras_test/test_cerebras_sync.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/__init__.py
weave/integrations/cohere/cohere_sdk.py
weave/integrations/cohere/cohere_test.py
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_async.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_async_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_async_stream_v2.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_async_v2.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_stream_v2.yaml
weave/integrations/cohere/cassettes/cohere_test/test_cohere_v2.yaml
weave/integrations/dspy/__init__.py
weave/integrations/dspy/dspy_sdk.py
weave/integrations/dspy/dspy_test.py
weave/integrations/dspy/cassettes/dspy_test/test_dspy_inline_signatures.yaml
weave/integrations/dspy/cassettes/dspy_test/test_dspy_language_models.yaml
weave/integrations/groq/__init__.py
weave/integrations/groq/groq_sdk.py
weave/integrations/groq/groq_test.py
weave/integrations/groq/cassettes/groq_test/test_groq_async_chat_completion.yaml
weave/integrations/groq/cassettes/groq_test/test_groq_async_streaming_chat_completion.yaml
weave/integrations/groq/cassettes/groq_test/test_groq_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/groq/cassettes/groq_test/test_groq_streaming_chat_completion.yaml
weave/integrations/groq/cassettes/groq_test/test_groq_tool_call.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/__init__.py
weave/integrations/langchain/langchain.py
weave/integrations/langchain/langchain_test.py
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_agent_run_with_function_call.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_agent_run_with_tools.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_abatch.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_ainvoke.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_astream.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_batch.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_batch_inside_op.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_invoke.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_chain_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/cassettes/langchain_test/test_simple_rag_chain.yaml
weave/integrations/langchain/test_data/paul_graham_essay.txt
weave/integrations/litellm/__init__.py
weave/integrations/litellm/litellm.py
weave/integrations/litellm/litellm_test.py
weave/integrations/litellm/cassettes/litellm_test/test_litellm_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/litellm/cassettes/litellm_test/test_litellm_quickstart_async.yaml
weave/integrations/litellm/cassettes/litellm_test/test_litellm_quickstart_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/litellm/cassettes/litellm_test/test_litellm_quickstart_stream_async.yaml
weave/integrations/litellm/cassettes/litellm_test/test_model_predict.yaml
weave/integrations/llamaindex/__init__.py
weave/integrations/llamaindex/llamaindex.py
weave/integrations/llamaindex/llamaindex_test.py
weave/integrations/llamaindex/cassettes/llamaindex_test/test_llamaindex_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/llamaindex/cassettes/llamaindex_test/test_llamaindex_quickstart_async.yaml
weave/integrations/llamaindex/test_data/paul_graham_essay.txt
weave/integrations/mistral/__init__.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/__init__.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/mistral.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/mistral_test.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_async.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_with_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v0/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_with_stream_async.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/__init__.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/mistral.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/mistral_test.py
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_async.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_with_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/mistral/v1/cassettes/mistral_test/test_mistral_quickstart_with_stream_async.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/__init__.py
weave/integrations/openai/openai_sdk.py
weave/integrations/openai/openai_test.py
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_as_context_manager.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_as_context_manager_async.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_async_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_async_stream_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_function_call.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_function_call_async.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_function_call_async_stream.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_stream_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_stream_usage_quickstart.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_tool_call.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_tool_call_async.yaml
weave/integrations/openai/cassettes/openai_test/test_openai_tool_call_async_stream.yaml
weave/legacy/.dockerignore
weave/legacy/Dockerfile
weave/legacy/Dockerfile.ci.test
weave/legacy/Makefile
weave/legacy/__init__.py
weave/legacy/conftest.py
weave/legacy/make_class_diagram.sh
weave/legacy/supervisord.conf
weave/legacy/.devcontainer/devcontainer.json
weave/legacy/.devcontainer/postCreateCommand.sh
weave/legacy/.github/workflows/mutations-perf.yaml
weave/legacy/.vscode/settings.json
weave/legacy/docs/dispatching_and_resolution.md
weave/legacy/examples/get_started.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/apps/explore_embeddings.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/AutoBoard.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/Closures.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/Monitor.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/MonitorPanelPlot.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/Mutations.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/Table Summary Panel.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/bert_viz.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/composite_histograms.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/dir_browsing.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ecosystem.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/huggingface_datasets.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/huggingface_models.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/image_gen_craiyon.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/image_gen_ops.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/layout_panels.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/llm_monitor_helper.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/mnist_train.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/object_version_compare.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/old_openai_monitoring.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/openai_monitoring.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/spacy_demo.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/table_data_passing.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/tag_search.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/MonitorPanelPlotGeneric.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/ProductionMonitoringConceptualOverview.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/StreamTable.md
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/app_util.py
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/model_util.py
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/ProductionMonitoring/stream_table_api.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/app/Embeddings.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/app/RunChain.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/app/beautiful_runs.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/app/scenario_compare.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/prompts_dev/generate_synth_mon_board.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/prompts_dev/synthetic_openai_data.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/00 Tutorial - Data versioning.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/04 Tutorial - Publishing Data and Ops.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Composable Python panels.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Confusion Matrix.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Custom ops.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Diffusion explore 2.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Diffusion explore.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Diffusion story.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Docbot.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Hack demo.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/KerasModel.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/LLMs Via Weave.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Model Cards.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Models.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Monitor2.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Monitor3.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Multiple Y Axes.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Mutation - Code Editor.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Mutation.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Object browsing.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/OpenAI.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Oxford-IIIT Pet Dataset.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Performance profiling.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/ProdMonStreamTableIntro.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Shap.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/StreamTables.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/TimeSeries.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Untitled.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Vectorizing.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/WB data.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/Weave geo data.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/art_explore.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/branching_runs.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/evaluation notebook.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/image_gen_replicate.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/langchain docbot.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/plot_selection.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/slurm.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/wandbot from scratch.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/weave_engine_tracing.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/weave_scifi.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/weave_walkthrough.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/experimental/skip_test/assets/op_preview_via_cursor.png
weave/legacy/examples/reference/WB_API.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/basic_weave_types.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/confusion_matrix.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/create_ops.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/create_plots_ui_guide.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/markdown.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/control/Object Picker.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/control/Slider.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/layout/Each.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/layout/Group & LabeledItem.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/panels/plot/synced_axes.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/vis/Distribution.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/vis/Scatter.ipynb
weave/legacy/examples/reference/vis/derived_plots_from_tables.ipynb
weave/legacy/internal_tools/Module deps viz.ipynb
weave/legacy/internal_tools/generate_notebook_tests.py
weave/legacy/notebooks/Embeddings.ipynb
weave/legacy/notebooks/Eval Board Syn.ipynb
weave/legacy/notebooks/Eval Board.ipynb
weave/legacy/notebooks/Text Extraction Eval.ipynb
weave/legacy/perf_notebooks/case_when v if_then_else.ipynb
weave/legacy/perf_notebooks/pyarrow joinall.ipynb
weave/legacy/scripts/clear_cache.py
weave/legacy/scripts/jupyter_dev.sh
weave/legacy/scripts/pytest_parallel.sh
weave/legacy/scripts/syndata.py
weave/legacy/scripts/syndata_mon.py
weave/legacy/scripts/wandb_artifact_perf.py
weave/legacy/tests/__init__.py
weave/legacy/tests/example_wb_unit_test.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_access.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_api.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow_awl.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow_concat.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow_perf.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow_topy.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_arrow_vectorizer.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_artifact.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_artifact_metadata.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_assign_perf.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_assignment.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_async.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_async_queue.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_basic_ops.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_box.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_cache.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_codify.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_compile.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_complex_calls.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_cond.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_const_type_mapper.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_custom_types.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_datetime_timestamp.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_decorator_type.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_decorators.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_derive_op.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_dispatch.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_examples.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_execute.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_execute_fast.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_execution_graphs.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_file.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_filesystem.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_gql_to_weave.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_graph.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_graph_debug.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_helpers.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_hypothesis.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_index.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_infer_types.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_io_service.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_join.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_js_compat.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_language.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_language_autocall.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_levenshtein.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_list_arrow_compat.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_list_indexing.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_logging.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_mappability.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_mappers_arrow.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_mappers_python.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_media.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_media_user.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_monitoring.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_monitoring_openai.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_mutation2.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_mutations.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_node_ref.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_nullability.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_number_bin.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_numpy.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_behaviors.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_coverage.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_def.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_def_data.json
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_def_type.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_dispatching.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_op_serialization.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_panel_coverage.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_panel_time_series.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_panels.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_partial_object.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_plot.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_projection_timeout.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_publish_flow.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_pydantic.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_ref_tracking.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_refs.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_relpath_no_syscalls.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_run_segment.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_serialize.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_server.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_show.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_stitch.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_storage.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_stream_table.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_table_ops.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_tagging.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_templates.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_timestamp_bin.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_trace.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_typeddict_notrequired.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_uris.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_data_types.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_domain_ops.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_domain_types.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_end_to_end.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_history_loading_compatability.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_stream_table.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_wb_tables.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_weave_api.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_weave_types.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_weavejs_fixes.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_weavify.py
weave/legacy/tests/test_with_columns.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/__init__.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/concrete_tagged_value.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/geom.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/list_arrow_test_helpers.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/op_specs.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/tag_test_util.py
weave/legacy/tests/util/weavejs_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/_dict_utils.py
weave/legacy/weave/api.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/artifact_base.py
weave/legacy/weave/artifact_fs.py
weave/legacy/weave/artifact_local.py
weave/legacy/weave/artifact_mem.py
weave/legacy/weave/artifact_wandb.py
weave/legacy/weave/async_demo.py
weave/legacy/weave/async_map.py
weave/legacy/weave/async_queue.py
weave/legacy/weave/box.py
weave/legacy/weave/cache.py
weave/legacy/weave/client.py
weave/legacy/weave/client_interface.py
weave/legacy/weave/codifiable_value_mixin.py
weave/legacy/weave/codify.py
weave/legacy/weave/compile.py
weave/legacy/weave/compile_domain.py
weave/legacy/weave/compile_table.py
weave/legacy/weave/context.py
weave/legacy/weave/context_state.py
weave/legacy/weave/debug.py
weave/legacy/weave/debug_compile.py
weave/legacy/weave/debug_types.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_arrow_op.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_class.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_mutation.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_op.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/decorator_type.pyi
weave/legacy/weave/decorators.py
weave/legacy/weave/derive_op.py
weave/legacy/weave/dispatch.py
weave/legacy/weave/eager.py
weave/legacy/weave/engine_trace.py
weave/legacy/weave/environment.py
weave/legacy/weave/errors.py
weave/legacy/weave/execute.py
weave/legacy/weave/execute_fast.py
weave/legacy/weave/file_base.py
weave/legacy/weave/file_local.py
weave/legacy/weave/file_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/filesystem.py
weave/legacy/weave/forward_graph.py
weave/legacy/weave/gql_json_cache.py
weave/legacy/weave/gql_op_plugin.py
weave/legacy/weave/gql_schema.py
weave/legacy/weave/gql_to_weave.py
weave/legacy/weave/graph.py
weave/legacy/weave/graph_debug.py
weave/legacy/weave/graph_mapper.py
weave/legacy/weave/infer_types.py
weave/legacy/weave/input_provider.py
weave/legacy/weave/io_service.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_autocall.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_nullability.py
weave/legacy/weave/logs.py
weave/legacy/weave/make_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_arrow.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_gql.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_publisher.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_python.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_python_def.py
weave/legacy/weave/mappers_weave.py
weave/legacy/weave/memo.py
weave/legacy/weave/node_ref.py
weave/legacy/weave/object_context.py
weave/legacy/weave/object_type_ref_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_aliases.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_args.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_def.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_def_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_execute.py
weave/legacy/weave/op_policy.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/panel.py
weave/legacy/weave/panel_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/parallelism.py
weave/legacy/weave/partial_object.py
weave/legacy/weave/path_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/propagate_gql_keys.py
weave/legacy/weave/pyfunc_type_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/ref_base.py
weave/legacy/weave/registry_mem.py
weave/legacy/weave/run.py
weave/legacy/weave/run_streamtable_span.py
weave/legacy/weave/runfiles_wandb.py
weave/legacy/weave/runs.py
weave/legacy/weave/serialize.py
weave/legacy/weave/server.py
weave/legacy/weave/server_error_handling.py
weave/legacy/weave/server_interface.py
weave/legacy/weave/show.py
weave/legacy/weave/signal_handlers.py
weave/legacy/weave/stitch.py
weave/legacy/weave/storage.py
weave/legacy/weave/stream_data_interfaces.py
weave/legacy/weave/timestamp.py
weave/legacy/weave/trace_legacy.py
weave/legacy/weave/trace_local.py
weave/legacy/weave/types_numpy.py
weave/legacy/weave/uris.py
weave/legacy/weave/urls.py
weave/legacy/weave/usage_analytics.py
weave/legacy/weave/util.py
weave/legacy/weave/val_const.py
weave/legacy/weave/value_or_error.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_api.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_client_api.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_file_manager.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/weave_http.py
weave/legacy/weave/weave_inspector.py
weave/legacy/weave/weave_internal.py
weave/legacy/weave/weave_pydantic.py
weave/legacy/weave/weave_types.py
weave/legacy/weave/weavejs_fixes.py
weave/legacy/weave/weavify.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/arrow.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/arrow_tags.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/concat.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/constructors.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/convert.py
weave/legacy/weave/arrow/list_.py
weave/legacy/weave/core_types/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/core_types/stream_table_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/all.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/root.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/test_notebook_ecosystem_executions.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/torch_mnist_model_example.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/bertviz/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/bertviz/panels.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/craiyon/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/craiyon/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/example/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/example/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/hdbscan/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/hdbscan/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/hfmodel.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/huggingface_datasets.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/huggingface_models.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/model_textclassification.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/huggingface/model_textgeneration.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/keras/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/keras/model.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/langchain/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/langchain/lc.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/langchain/util.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/lens/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/lens/lens.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/py/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/py/pydoc.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/pytorch/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/pytorch/model.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/replicate/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/replicate/rep.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/scenario/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/shap/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/shap/shap.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/shawn/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/shawn/petdataset.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/shawn/scratch.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/sklearn/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/sklearn/datasets.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slack/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slack/panels.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slack/slack.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slack/slackapi.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slack/slackapi_readexport.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slurm/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/slurm/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/spacy/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/spacy/spacy.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/torchvision/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/torchvision/datasets.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/twitter/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/twitter/tweet.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/umap/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/umap/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/gql_artifact_dag.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/panel_distribution.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/panel_geo.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/panel_scatter.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/panel_time_series.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/run_chain.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/test_panel_distribution.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/wandb_objs.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/wandb/weave_plotly.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/xgboost/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ecosystem/xgboost/model.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/is_tag_getter.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/make_tag_getter_op.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/opdef_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/process_opdef_output_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/process_opdef_resolve_fn.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/tag_store.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/tagged_value_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/tagged_value_type_helpers.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/tagging_op_logic.py
weave/legacy/weave/language_features/tagging/tagging_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/langchain.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/monitor.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/openai/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/openai/models.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/openai/openai.py
weave/legacy/weave/monitoring/openai/util.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/arraylist_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/boolean.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/convert_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/date.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/dict.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/list_join.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/list_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/list_range.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/number.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/obj.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/ref_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/string.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/util.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_arrow/vectorize.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/artifact_alias_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/artifact_collection_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/artifact_membership_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/artifact_type_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/artifact_version_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/entity_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/org_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/project_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/repo_insight_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/report_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_queue_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_segment.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/stream_table_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/table.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/trace_tree.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/user_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/wandb_domain_gql.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/wb_domain_types.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/wb_util.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/wbgqlquery_op.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/wbmedia.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/context.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/history_op_common.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/run_history_v1_legacy_ops.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/run_history_v2_parquet_media.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_domain/run_history/run_history_v3_parquet_stream_optimized.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/_dict_utils.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/any.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/artifacts.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/boolean.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/csv_.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/date.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/dict.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/file.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/file_artifact.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/file_local.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/geom.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/html.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/image.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/json_.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/list_.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/list_tag_getters.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/markdown.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/number.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/number_bin.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/obj.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/op_def.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/pandas_.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/projection_utils.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/random_junk.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/server.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/set_.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/sql.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/string.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_any.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_dict.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_file.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_image.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_list.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_list_range.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_pandas.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_set.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_type.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/test_typeddict.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/timestamp_bin.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/type.py
weave/legacy/weave/ops_primitives/weave_api.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/bank.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_auto.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_basic.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_board.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_card.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_color.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_daterange.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_domain.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_dropdown.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_each.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_each_column.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_expression.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_facet.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_facet_tabs.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_filter_editor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_function_editor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_group.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_group_panel_info.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_grouping_editor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_histogram.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_html.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_labeled_item.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_legacy.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_markdown.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_object_picker.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_plot.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_query.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_sections.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_select.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_sidebarcontainer.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_slider.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_string.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_string_editor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_table.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_trace.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_trace_span.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/panel_weavelink.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels/table_state.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/__init__.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/generator_templates.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_autoboard.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_eval.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_example_custom_board.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_llm_monitor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_observability.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_seedboard.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/panel_trace_monitor.py
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/instructions/panel_autoboard.md
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/instructions/panel_llm_monitor.md
weave/legacy/weave/panels_py/instructions/panel_trace_monitor.md
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_interface/project_creator.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_interface/wandb_artifact_pusher.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_interface/wandb_lite_run.py
weave/legacy/weave/wandb_interface/wandb_stream_table.py
weave/trace/__init__.py
weave/trace/api.py
weave/trace/async_job_queue.py
weave/trace/autopatch.py
weave/trace/box.py
weave/trace/call_context.py
weave/trace/cli.py
weave/trace/constants.py
weave/trace/context.py
weave/trace/custom_objs.py
weave/trace/env.py
weave/trace/errors.py
weave/trace/exception.py
weave/trace/feedback.py
weave/trace/init_message.py
weave/trace/ipython.py
weave/trace/isinstance.py
weave/trace/object_record.py
weave/trace/op.py
weave/trace/op_type.py
weave/trace/patcher.py
weave/trace/pypi_version_check.py
weave/trace/ref_util.py
weave/trace/refs.py
weave/trace/rich_container.py
weave/trace/rich_pydantic_util.py
weave/trace/rich_refs.py
weave/trace/serialize.py
weave/trace/serializer.py
weave/trace/serve_fastapi.py
weave/trace/settings.py
weave/trace/table.py
weave/trace/trace_sentry.py
weave/trace/util.py
weave/trace/vals.py
weave/trace/weave_client.py
weave/trace/weave_init.py
weave/trace/client_context/weave_client.py
weave/trace/op_extensions/accumulator.py
weave/trace/op_extensions/log_once.py
weave/trace/tests/__init__.py
weave/trace/tests/test_op_argument_forms.py
weave/trace/tests/test_op_return_forms.py
weave/trace/tests/test_patcher.py
weave/trace/tests/test_vals.py
weave/trace/tests/testutil.py
weave/trace/tests/test_patcher_module/__init__.py
weave/trace/tests/test_patcher_module/example_class.py
weave/trace_server/README.md
weave/trace_server/async_batch_processor.py
weave/trace_server/calls_query_builder.py
weave/trace_server/clickhouse_schema.py
weave/trace_server/clickhouse_trace_server_batched.py
weave/trace_server/clickhouse_trace_server_migrator.py
weave/trace_server/emoji_util.py
weave/trace_server/environment.py
weave/trace_server/errors.py
weave/trace_server/external_to_internal_trace_server_adapter.py
weave/trace_server/feedback.py
weave/trace_server/ids.py
weave/trace_server/orm.py
weave/trace_server/refs_internal.py
weave/trace_server/requests.py
weave/trace_server/sqlite_trace_server.py
weave/trace_server/token_costs.py
weave/trace_server/trace_server_common.py
weave/trace_server/trace_server_converter.py
weave/trace_server/trace_server_interface.py
weave/trace_server/trace_server_interface_util.py
weave/trace_server/validation.py
weave/trace_server/validation_util.py
weave/trace_server/interface/__init__.py
weave/trace_server/interface/query.py
weave/trace_server/migrations/001_init.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/001_init.up.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/002_add_deleted_at.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/002_add_deleted_at.up.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/003_feedback.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/003_feedback.up.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/004_add_display_name.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/004_add_display_name.up.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/005_add_cost.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/005_add_cost.up.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/006_seed_costs.down.sql
weave/trace_server/migrations/006_seed_costs.up.sql
weave/trace_server/tests/test_call_lifecycle.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_calls_query_builder.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_emoji_util.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_orm.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_refs.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_remote_http_trace_server.py
weave/trace_server/tests/test_validation.py
weave/trace_server_bindings/remote_http_trace_server.py
weave/type_serializers/__init__.py
weave/type_serializers/Image/__init__.py
weave/type_serializers/Image/image.py
weave/type_serializers/Image/image_test.py